Include unfinished spans in transactions (#3013)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Significant change in behavior

> - Transactions spans are no longer automatically finished with the transaction. This is now handled by the relay. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transactions' spans are no longer automatically finished with status `deadline_exceeded` by the transaction. This is now handled by the [Relay](https://github.com/getsentry/relay). 
```
